Add `Taiko 2v2 Convert Tourney v2` wiki article (#8190)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/TCT/v2/en.md

| H | **Shamikan** | **4** | 0 | Team Fabulous 2 | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/61208942) |
| G | thank u, next | 0 | **4** | **ForelychLovers Reborn** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/61208970) |
| F | Imprisoned Isolationists | 0 | **4** | **Crippling Depression** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/61208983) |
| H | mokipAkmed | 0 | **4** | **Tacos and Schabowy** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/61211016) |
| G | **wheelchair** | **4** | 3 | ForelychLovers Reborn | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/61211337) |
| F | HRdcore | -1 | **0** | **Crippling Depression** | *win by default* |
| H | Team Fabulous 2 | 0 | **4** | **Tacos and Schabowy** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/61213293) |
| G | **chad** | **4** | 2 | wheelchair | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/61213340) |
| A | Caiu na vila o Peixe fuzila | 1 | **4** | **The Return of the Aces** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/61219164) |
| H | mokipAkmed | -1 | **0** | **Team Fabulous 2** | *win by default* |

## Ruleset

### General rules

> 1. There can't be two players (each one) with more than 11,000 pp in the same team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There can't be two players having more than 11,000 pp each in the same team.
```
